So do we want to try anything else?
Let's see creative common images.
Let's grab the image address.
So, JPG file, perfect.
Okay, let's feed it into
our neural networks.
So, What we need to do,
is simply download this image.
So what I will do here is
write the second command,
ir maybe just create the new cell.
The location of the image and
the image name will be the following.
So all right, image downloaded, so
now I can just simply put
it as the name of our file.
Seriously, I am doing for
the first time and
I have no idea what
prediction we're gonna get.
So it should be pretty fun.
Okay, so with the 36% accuracy,
we are looking at the notebook,
which is cracked, 29% laptop,
and that was a mouse, really?
[LAUGH] There's no mouse on the image, and
that's actually really good example
of biases in the data sets.
So you see that our model actually did a
prediction that it's looking at the mouse
with yes, 8% not super accurate but
still, it did this prediction.
And the reason why it did this
because most probably a lot
of images from the training data
set had laptop and mouse on it.
And that's kind of biases you probably
want to avoid in your training data sets,
right?
When you have the almost like correlations
between the particular classes.
And ideally what you want to
have is equal distribution of
laptops with mouses,
laptops without mouses.
Mouses without laptops, and of course,
nothing, no mouse, no laptop.
In this case,
that's the balanced data set and
what we want to have in
your training data sets.
But yes, it is working and we can even
see okay, we need to change the index.
So the notebook,
that was our neuron number 681.
So everything is good,
I just need to change this number.
And now we can visualize the intensity,
interesting, interesting, okay?
Now, I'm kinda curious,
if we overlaid those where the, [LAUGH] So
when this prediction was made that we're
looking at the laptop wasn't actually,
well, it was partially looking the laptop,
but
it paid a lot of intention to
the hands on the laptop, interesting.
So it's just one of the way to kinda play
around with the potential where the neural
network is.
Where was the location of the neurons,
which activated the prediction,
which the neural network done.
And it might help to avoid, as I said,
biases or missed trained neural networks.
One interesting example was when there was
a task to recognize dogs versus wolves.
And well, they kinda look alike, right?
And neural network was actually doing
really good job predicting when it's
looking at the wolves and
when it's looking at the dogs.
And when this method was applied
we're gonna pay attention and
figuring out where the neural
network is looking at.
They figured that's when the image of the
wolf was provided it was all the snow on
the background.
So neural network is just simply,
it wasn't dog versus wolf predictor,
it was simply telling you if it's
recognized snow on the image or not.
And if snow was present it was simply
labeling all of that as wolf, is that it?
Well, you got the idea.
But yeah, it's interesting and
that's one of the way how you
can see where the neural
network is paying attention.